-- BEGIN LOG --

CYCLE:2431

This is a record on BODY:B:612. As is established in PROCEDURE:E:314, a record
is to be kept of any expeditions and such records should be neutral to any
reader, assuming no body of knowledge; for the circumstance that this record be
referenced in future use in the case that the current adminstration has become
defunct. Please use this record to assist in any future expeditions to this
body.

An anonomolous body had been observed several thousand light cycles away which
emits a strange EM signature. Bursts of high intensity EM pulses have been
recorded from the body. Furthermore, records from other bases corroborate the
fact that these bursts are omni-directional. The sheer energy required for such
a phenomonon to occur is indeed, anomolous and potentially a cause for concern.
Upon further examination of this body, it we have observed a steady stream of
gravity waves also orginating from it. It is clear that the behaviour of this
body does not originate from any known natural causes. Hence, I have been
assigned the mission to investigate this.

For the warp, 50 cycles have elapsed while my ship has returned from stasis. I
can say without a doubt that I have arrived at the anomolous body. It appears
to be in a rigid and continuous disk shape, artificial in its construction. Yet
its span rivals the orbit of most solar systems. To hold its shape, it appears
to be manipulating its own gravitational field to orient anything to be
parallel to the axis of the disk. But even though it is in a disk shape, it
does not even appear to be spinning. It seems to simply adrift without any
particular external influence.

The surface of the body seems to be a coarse iron oxide sand. And there does
seem to be a respirable atmosphere suitable for carbon based life forms. I
cannot seem to get any readings on the insides of the structure. Hence, I have
made the decision to land the ship and deploy a reconnaisance drone.

In accordance with the mission, I will be seeking contact with any forms of
life. No doubt, the construction of this structure implies that some advanced
civilisation existed at some point here. Ideally, they are still around and I
can meet with their governing bodies to strike any form of diplomatic relations.

-- END LOG --
