-- BEGIN LOG --

It appears that this structure has made contact with from some branch of the
federation before. I have discovered a relief which engraves a standard meta
language decoding scheme, following RFC:A:43.

As is detailed in the RFC, the engraving describes an Atomic Fact and Relations
Tensor. The tensor describes facts as the set of relations between two objects.
We can describe each relation as a matrix and match each abstract object with
every other. The entry is true if the relation holds. Though what each relation
and object is unknown, if we construct a fact and relation tensor for our own
language, we can compare it to tensors from other languages, connecting concepts
between languages by finding matching relations.

For example, it seems that Relation #49 seems to be the "equality" or "A is B"
relation because it holds true for the objects I believe to be "zero" and
"empty". That is, "zero is empty". Then Relation #7131 "A moves at a B rate" holds
between ("time", "linear") and ("falling", "quadratic"). That is, "time moves at
a linear rate" and "falling moves at a quadratic rate", which is physically
true. Nonsensical relations are also false. For example "equality" does not hold
between the magnitudes "3" and "4" because "3 equals 4" is absurd.

Some standard notes of the language. Object #941 holding equality to "entity",
"omnipresent" and "omniscience", what I believe to be "God" in their language,
seems to hold equality to "exists". That is, they seem to believe in some
God. Expectedly, Object #1340, seems to be "morality" and also holds equality to
"exists".

But another more interesting note, I have deduced Object #149, to be the "self",
but the connection to most of our known languages seems to be loose. That is,
the speakers of this language do not seem to hold a traditional concept of self.
Comparing its relations to objects that are generally learned later in
civilisation, we can somewhat track its usage over time. It seems in this
language that the concept of "self" has eroded to become more nonesenical as
time has progressed, at least in relation to our known languages.

-- END LOG --
