AMALGAMATE: I welcome you to the city, traveller.

PLAYER: Thank you.

AMALGMATE: You understand me. It seems you have already learnt our language. I
congratulate you. It is a wonderful surprise that someone has been able to make
use of my stone.

PLAYER: Were you the one that carved the stone?

AMALGAMATE: I've been awoken by many travellers in. It took a few to learn some
common passerby languages. It took many more to learn of their language
schemas. And many, many more to inscribe our own language onto one.

AMALGAMATE: But it was worth the effort. What misery it is, waking up to
someone I can't talk with. Please, tell me about yourself.

PLAYER: As you have already gathered, I am a traveller, an ambassador for a
distant peoples. This structure, it announces its presence quite loudly. I
have come to investigate for my people. Please, tell who you are and about this
place.

AMALGAMATE: This megastructure is called, "the city". It used to be more of a
city than it is now. But no utopia could outweigh the mortality of the body.
When the net was built, people started uploading their consciousness to it.

AMALGAMATE: The people who stayed in base reality were able to govern the net
with a genetic authenticator. But at some point a virus obfuscated the
authenticator and we lost access to the net.

AMALGAMATE: The net...

AMALGAMATE: How lucky those in the net must be. In the net, there no physical
boundaries. There is no physical pain. There is no decay. But because of this
nobody individual could separate themselves from another.

AMALGAMATE: The cacophony of consciousness had coalseced all the individuals
into a single conscious. But such a conscious of so many individuals would have
no thought of its own. Now it lays dormant. It has every thought but makes no
thoughts.

AMALGAMATE: As for me. Far from digital immortality, this is the best
immortality I could manage. Ancestors of those who wandered outside of the city.
To survive in this harsh landscape, they relinquished their individual thought.
But at some point we coaslesced into a single entity.

AMALGAMATE: When the conditions favour, they come together. I think. I am. But
as the winds howl stronger. We break apart. I am back to slumber.

AMALGAMATE: I remember when the starry sky would also stay still from moment to
moment. Now, every time as I awaken, they seem to have ran off to some
different spot. The only thing still here as always, the slow dull drones of
the net.

AMALGAMATE: My form is too weak to sustain itself. With a light breeze it breaks
apart. I can do nothing and I can go nowhere. Yet, my greed to exist, to
perceive oneself keeps ripping me away from the void. It is a suffering but I am
too scared for my self to disappear. That is probably I haven't.

AMALGAMATE: But I am quite old. I have not been inside in quite a while to tell
you more about the city. I am simply a greeting chime for those unforunate
enough to land here. I'll have to be gone now, as the sun will set soon. May
your work bear fruit for your people.

PLAYER: ...
